Create: Going Postal
====================

Going Postal: A simple add-on for the Create mod that provides the player an income stream from connecting villages via
logistical networks. Basically it's a way of getting paid for delivering cargo, finally something for your trains to do.

Postmaster's Desk
==================

Must be placed within a village. A village may have only one active Postmaster's Desk.
Each Postmaster's Desk is part of a Postal Network. Postal Networks defines the possible delivery addresses a Postmaster's Desk can reach.
Place a Postmaster's Desk to start a new Postal Network. Right-click a placed Postmaster's Desk before placement to share that desk's postal network.
Once placed, use the Postmaster's Desk to open the Postmaster's interface (see the Postmaster's Interface section below).
Hoppers/funnels/chutes can take items from the Postmaster's Table's outgoing inventory.
Hoppers/funnels/chutes, can deposit items in to the table if they have the correct address (See the Delivery section below).
The Postmaster's Table will output a Redstone signal as long as there are unsent parcels held within its outgoing inventory.

Postal Parcel
=============

This item is generated by the Postmaster's Table and is used to hold delivery information.
The item records the following:
 - Origin - the coordinate where the parcel was generated.
 - Destination - The village ID where the parcel must be delivered.
 - Time - timestamp of parcel being removed from the postmaster's table.
Parcels are generated prepackaged with an appropriately formatted address.
Parcels cannot be stacked and may only exist within a package; the parcel is destroyed if the package it is in gets broken.

Postmaster's Interface
======================

Has 3 defined areas:
Post - A large inventory to hold outgoing packages can also be used to deposit packages addressed to the village (see the Delivery section below).
Profit - An inventory to hold the profit items, which also displays a bar showing progress towards the next item. Items may not be manually deposited. A delivery address may be set for profits to be sent to.
Network - This section allows the player to set the village name and configure reachable destinations.

Parcel Generation
=================

Parcels are generated at random intervals by the Postmaster's Table and appear in it's outgoing inventory.
The interval between Parcels being generated is dependant on the village population, so bigger villages generate more post.
A destination is chosen from the allowed villages on the postal network at random weighted by the village populations, so bigger villages attract more post.
Parcel pick up time is not set until it is removed from the Postmasters Table.

Delivery
========

Packages may be deposited in to a Postmaster's Table by hoppers or directly through the interface, Though they are only accepted if they contain a parcel addressed to the village.
When a parcel is deposited they are first assessed for their value, which is a function of the time it took to deliver and the distance between the origin village and destination. This value is added to the progress toward the next profit item, generating the item and resetting if it gets to 100%.
[Postman Stretch Target] If the stretch target is included at this point we increase the number of undelivered parcels to be picked up and skip over applying the delivery effect below.
A completed delivery will also provide 1 villager in the destination village with a random delivery effect:
 Heal villager - Applies the regeneration effect to a villager.
 Share Gossip - Use the gossip system to spread reputation.
 Gain food item - Provide a villager with a random food item.
 Gain XP - If the villager has more than 1xp they gain more xp.
After the parcel has generated it's profit it is deleted.

Config Options
==============

Profit Item - The profit item, defaults to emerald.
Profit Distance Scale - The amount distance scales profit.
Profit Time Scale - The amount time scales profit.
Village names - A CSV list of village name for name randomiser.
Delivery effect switches - disable completed delivery effect.
Address format - Change the formatting of generated addresses

Postman (Stretch Target)
========================

A new villager profession using the Postmaster's Table as a job block.
The postman has no trade interface. He instead is responsible for the delivery of parcels. This would involve the postman taking the undelivered parcels from the Postmaster's table, then choosing villagers at random and pathfinding to them in turn. Once the postman arrives at a villager they then receive a random effect (as discussed in the delivery section).
Player profit is only based on the package arriving at the Postmasters table. (The player did their bit)